And with the relic and what they planned to do with it now on her mind, Clora forgot that she and Sebastian had only just reconciled their feelings towards each other, and that he’d just put her ornament back in her hair, and that the two of them were currently alone in a dark hallway, as she was now too distracted to think of what the implication of such a setting might be.

Sebastian, however, was not too distracted.

“In case you haven’t yet noticed,” he began, and when Clora looked up at him curiously, and innocently, he couldn’t help the way the corner of his lip twitched. “It would appear we’re no longer in a Dark wizard camp. At least, not as far as I can tell.”

Sebastian noticed her stiffen immediately at his words, what with the way her shoulders tensed so blatantly, and he could see the way her cheeks flamed, even in the dark. “R-right…”

Clora swallowed as Sebastian took an unbothered step towards her, amused by the sudden switch in her demeanor, and again, satisfied that it was because of him, and he made sure they were tucked behind a corner that wouldn’t easily be spotted before he nuzzled into her neck.

“This isn’t exactly an ideal location, either, Sebastian. What if somebody walks by and…sees us?” Clora asked, already breathless, and Sebastian had been trying to start slowly, but it was such a cute thing to ask, not to mention the way she’d asked it, and so he backed her further into their dark little corner.

“Then I’d call that even,” he concluded into her neck. “As I’ve certainly seen my fair share of snogging students over the years.”

Sebastian then did the same thing he’d done to her when he’d first confessed to her that day at the hotspot, except instead of simply brushing his nose and lips against her skin, he did what he hadn’t been able to do before, trailing kisses along that same path: up her neck and to her cheek, and then to her ear, softly. Teasing her.

“How does that feel?” Sebastian murmured against her, his breath going into her ear, and the shiver that seemed to roll through her combined with the little whimper she made in response was her answer, and he laughed into the crook of her jaw. “I didn’t quite catch that.”

“Why do I have to say it?” Clora nearly whined in her embarrassment, though her voice was too breathy to truly come across as such. “You know how it feels.”

“But I don’t. Not unless you tell me,” he continued easily.

“Well—it’s the same way you’re feeling, I’m sure…” she settled on lamely, and Sebastian had to pull back so he could expel an amused laugh.

“Ha. Not likely, I’m afraid,” he informed her, before leaning back in. “If you were feeling the same way as myself, then we wouldn’t be standing around and chatting.”

Clora picked up on his meaning rather swiftly, if the colour of her cheeks were an indication, and Sebastian leaned in to brush his lips across them, savouring the heat he felt there—because of him.

“I only want to make sure you’re comfortable,” he explained softly, opting to hold her warm cheeks in his hands now as he looked to her. “I realize it’s a bit late to say as much now, but we don’t even need to kiss if you’d rather not. I’m content to go as slowly as you want, so long as I can simply be with you.”

It was a bit of a half-lie, mostly because he wouldn’t, in fact, be ‘content’ if he was unable to kiss her, or touch her, or hold her. But he would of course still abstain regardless if she’d asked him to, if that was what it took to love her, and be loved by her in turn.

Clora looked up at Sebastian then, and despite him saying that they didn’t need to do what they were currently in the process of doing, he certainly looked as though he needed to, and that he might perish if he didn’t.

“You’re—you’re not making me uncomfortable,” she reassured him firmly and confidently, despite how unravelled she already appeared. “I’m just…not used to it. I like it, but it will still take some getting used to. I’m only sorry that I can’t fully return your…your enthusiasm.”

Clora settled on the descriptor of ‘enthusiasm’ rather diplomatically, and Sebastian couldn’t help but laugh at how watered down it truly was in regards to his feelings.

“I want you to know that I’m not hesitating because I don’t like your touch, or anything of that sort. Really. I do like it,” she insisted, perhaps misinterpreting his laughter.

Sebastian smiled and pulled her into his arms, burying his face in her hair. “I assumed as much, but I thought I’d make sure. And you needn’t worry about forcing yourself to give me any unnaturally enthusiastic responses,” he re-used her word with an amused huff of laughter. “Seeing as I’m already quite charmed by your bashful ones.”

And to prove his point, Sebastian quickly nibbled at her ear, and when she squeaked and jolted away by reflex in his arms, he held her firm while chuckling. “Just like that.”

He nibbled Clora’s ear again to tease her once more, though it wasn’t long before Sebastian apparently realized he was incapable of teasing, because the only one he was truly teasing was himself, and it was impossible not to kiss her after that, and after she’d given him the okay, and that she liked his touch.

They were in the dark, after-curfew halls, which meant that by all respects they should have been quiet. But Sebastian wanted Clora to make noise because of him, and so he did things that ensured that she would, such as suddenly sucking or biting her bottom lip, and he devoured the sounds that would come from it, threading his hands through her hair as he did so, and feeling the hairclip behind her head.

His hairclip. Something Sebastian had gotten her, and something that she would always wear. His, and not Leander Prewett’s, and not Leighton Lawley’s, or anyone else’s but his, and Sebastian wasn’t really thinking about the hairclip as being the one that was his anymore, not really, because finally, finally, Clora was—

Sebastian walked them forward, and he became acutely aware just how much he’d been holding back when he’d saved her at the camp. Because before, when he’d been impatient and frustrated at Clora’s hesitant, tentative lips, and had simply opted to give up and move to her neck instead—now, Sebastian did something about it.

He nibbled her in places, licked her in places—anything to ensure that she would gasp in surprise. And when she did, Sebastian quickly took advantage of the action as he darted his tongue between her parted lips and deep into her mouth, sliding in quickly before she could close them once again.

Clora had reflexively begun to pull her head back in surprise at the new and rather wet addition to their kiss, but Sebastian followed her swiftly, walking forward and cupping her face to keep their mouths merged and sealed together, and the unintelligible, sloppy noises of both of their tongues swirling together, along with her muffled moans in the quiet hallway, made Sebastian groan into her mouth in response.

He walked her forward further then, until her back and her head was against the wall, and the hard, flat surface behind her allowed Sebastian to press both his body and his mouth into hers more firmly.

Clora hadn’t even realized that she’d brought her arms up as a sort of shield in front of her, until Sebastian was grabbing her wrists and pulling them down and out from in between them, pinning them against the wall instead.

He dragged his fingertips and his nails down the length of her fingers, then down her palms, and Clora shuddered before he finally weaved his fingers through her own, intertwining them.

Sebastian dipped down then, moving his lips to her neck in order to lick there, and Clora lifted her shoulder up in a ticklish response, and then she went to bring her hands up to shield her neck out of reflex alone. But Sebastian still had her pinned, and he came to the conclusion that he liked holding her down, and the feeling of her small hands helplessly twitching underneath his own, and the feeling of her squirming as he held her in place, free to do what he wanted.

And not only did he want to pin Clora’s hands down, but Sebastian desperately wished he could have also pinned her entire body down with the full length of his own, and he was currently aching to do so—literally. He was certain that he was as hard as he’d ever been before in his entire life, to the point where it was almost painful.

Sebastian had thought that him and Clora stuck in that wardrobe together would have been as bad as it could ever get, what with her squirming and rubbing against him so closely back then. But now, just their desperate, longing kisses managed to awaken him even more.

Perhaps it was because, unlike in the wardrobe, there were no more mental blocks and barriers. Sebastian knew now that he could act on those feelings, because he loved Clora, and she loved him. He no longer had to hold himself back, and now that his mind knew that, his body was clearly quick to follow.

Not to mention, when she’d been squirming against him in that tiny confined space, he’d wanted so desperately to just hold her and pin her to that old wooden wardrobe, to keep her still with his own weight and press into her and satisfy the maddening pulse between his legs. And now he was able to do just that.

Except as much as Sebastian would have liked to pin Clora down entirely, and to press his weight into her and squish her softness against the wall with his own harder body, and to show her, and have her feel what, exactly, she was currently doing to him, Sebastian nonetheless made sure to angle his hips away from her and keep himself at a distance from the waist down. He didn’t want to scare her off, and so he used the dark hallway to his advantage.

He brought his hands down and away from her own, releasing her, and as Sebastian continued to kiss Clora he watched her through half-lidded eyes, making sure her own were closed before he adjusted himself to better hide his very blatant desire for her, thankful that the robes of the uniform would also further assist him in the matter.

Now that Clora’s hands were free, those indecisive, defensive arms of hers finally reached out to grab at him, gliding up his arms and over his shoulders and then snaking their way around his neck, leaving goosebumps in her wake. She brought herself closer then, pressing herself to him, and Sebastian quickly thanked Merlin that he’d managed to somewhat adequately hide the brunt of his enthusiasm in time.

He could tell that Clora was making a conscious effort to reciprocate, and it made his heart squeeze; the way she grabbed at him and did what he’d done only moments prior: tentatively nibbling on his lip, as if to see what all the fuss was about, and then going down to his neck and his jaw, and Sebastian barely managed to stop himself from making a rather pathetic noise as she did so.

And it wasn’t just because it felt good—though it certainly did—but it was also because she was doing it for him, to show him that she did, in fact, enjoy what he’d been doing to her, and that she wanted to do the same for him, and how adorable it was and the thought behind it almost managed to rile Sebastian up more than the physical sensations of it.

Clora gave him an inch, so of course, Sebastian took a mile.

Where she’d come forward to press herself into him, he immediately took the lead again, backing her into the wall once more, and even against his waistband he continued to throb for her. And perhaps it was due to the sudden lack of blood in his brain that Sebastian suddenly decided that, maybe it wouldn’t be so bad for Clora to feel the physical embodiment of his desire pressed up against her—to feel the torture he was currently going through because of her, and her softness, and her noises.

He was greedy, too greedy. Only recently, this—kissing her, holding her like this, pinning her against the wall—all of those things would have been fantasies, and it was attempting to remain friends with her that had been torture.

Yet now even kissing Clora also felt like torture, because Sebastian very quickly realized that he was insatiable when it came to her, and he wondered if he would ever be satisfied, and he really couldn’t imagine that. He always wanted more with her, and then more, and more.
