

Although Clora was still cursed, both she and Sebastian were considerably more relaxed about it, now that they knew she could pull it out of herself at any time, given they were inside of the repository and assisted by its magnetic pull.

If worse came to worse, after all, she could always fall back on the original plan of bringing some sort of plant into the repository, dragging the curse out and into that host instead. They still ran the risk of the curse not being properly contained, or perhaps suffering the rebounds of a Curse-Breaking gone wrong, but at the very least it was another option.

Clora wouldn’t risk resorting to that just yet, however. Not unless she was completely out of time, like Anne had been. She wanted to be rid of this curse properly, and she’d already contained it inside herself for this long, and so she could wait a bit longer still, until they got their hands on the proper means.

So with their search for obtaining goblin silver now momentarily on hold while they waited for Sirona’s owl, Clora and Sebastian busied themselves with classes in the meantime—though, Clora also had a certain other task to busy herself with, as well.

And that was the task of getting around to telling Leander that she and Sebastian were now a couple.

After they’d returned from both the repository and from meeting with Sirona, Clora had insisted on taking the relic from Sebastian and hiding it up in her room, just as Sebastian had promised he would let her do, but he’d merely replied with ‘once you tell Leander we’re together, then we can.’

She’d gone sheepish at that, mostly due to the fact that she apparently needed that incentive to motivate her. The incentive of ridding her boyfriend of a Dark, evil relic in order to do something as simple as telling a boy that fancied her that she was no longer available.

But the task was harder than it had any right to be, especially since Clora had been avoiding Leander for so long. Because now, whenever she walked up to him of her own volition, his eyes seemed to brighten just at her approach alone.

“Clora,” he greeted with a hasty smile as he ran his hand through his hair. “Need me for something?”

Clora ran her fingers down her tie, smoothing it out and tugging at it. “Yes, in fact,” she started nervously—and in turn, a tad too formally—as she struggled to meet his eyes. “Would you be able to speak with me in private?”

She’d just caught him in the hallway, after all, which was busy with students heading to their next class as Leander blinked down at her. And as he stared at her, with his eyebrows raised and his cheeks dusting pink, Clora realized his idea of ‘speaking in private’ might be slightly different from hers.

She nonetheless followed him, however, as he led them to a more secluded area of the hallway, and it only served to remind Clora of what her and Sebastian had done in a secluded hallway, and Leander seemed to be entertaining thoughts of a similar variety as he looked at her.

Clora wasn’t sure whether it was out of pure nervousness, or if it was because she simply didn’t want to trample on that hope that he still had shining in his eyes as he looked at her, but she once again put off the inevitable as she smiled tightly at him. “I was just wondering if—if you would want to walk to class together?”

Leander straightened, clearly confused as to why she’d needed to speak to him in private about walking to Transfigurations together, but he nonetheless did so, thankfully not inquiring about her strange behaviour and only shooting her a few quizzical looks here and there that Clora dutifully pretended not to notice.

By the time class was done, Clora knew she wouldn’t be telling Leander that day, seeing as how she’d already made things strange enough between them at the moment, and she in turn was rather desperate to separate herself from him. She could only hope he wouldn’t ask to walk her to the Great Hall for dinner, or if she might want to eat at their table.

Luckily, if Leander had been planning on asking any of that, he didn’t get the chance. As the two of them exited their Transfiguration class and merged into the hallway with the rest of the crowds, Clora caught sight of Sebastian coming inside from one of his outdoor classes, and so she quickly said her goodbyes to Leander, insisting she had something to speak to the Slytherin about as she all but ran to him.

Sebastian watched Clora approach, and he clearly noticed Leander in the distance, because the first thing he said to her upon her approach was, “How did it go?”

Clora winced, suddenly wondering if she should have stayed with Leander after all.

“I couldn’t tell him. I mean, I tried,” she insisted upon seeing the shift in Sebastian’s expression. “Though I just ended up asking him to walk me to class instead.”

Sebastian uncrossed his arms in his disbelief. “How do you go from informing him that we’re together, to instead requesting that he walk you to class?” he repeated incredulously, shaking his head. “Are you perhaps trying to make me jealous?”

“Of course not!” Clora denied quickly as she held up her hands. “I’m sorry. I just…”

“Perhaps now you understand why I wanted to advertise you as mine so badly? Because clearly, one of us has to.”

“I will tell him. I want to, as well. Not just for you, but for me and him,” Clora argued, her voice firm, though it softened as she continued. “It’s just difficult when he looks at me so hopefully.”

Sebastian, however, had no sympathy for the other boy, only making an irritated noise in the back of his throat as he grimaced. “Weak to him, are you?”

Clora crossed her arms. “I didn’t mean it like that.”

Sebastian didn’t argue on that front and merely took her by the hand as he led them to an alcove behind a set of stairs, and before Clora could ask why he’d brought them over there, his lips were suddenly on her neck.

“Sebas—!” Clora started quickly, though shut her mouth just as fast, hoping nobody heard her raised voice. It wasn’t like before, where the hallways were dark and empty. It was just after classes, and although the hum of the students headed to the Great Hall served as a form of camouflage, the possibility of a fellow student seeing them—or Merlin forbid, a professor—was still a very real one.

It was a mad thing to do, yet Clora couldn’t deny the slight excitement that came with it, and how Sebastian’s ravenous lips didn’t care that they were in public, or that they could be caught, or about anything other than her, and to be the target of such a single-minded and selfish want made her heart skip.

And much too belatedly Clora realized it was because Sebastian truly was jealous, and that her floundering about with Leander had made him want to claim her even more desperately in turn. And despite the guilt she felt at that, Clora also couldn’t deny the way it made her cheeks flame and her blood run hot and her thoughts muddle to the point where, perhaps, it was okay to let him claim her for a moment.

Though the feeling of something harder and wetter than a kiss on her neck suddenly snapped Clora out of her trance, and she went to break away from Sebastian to feel at what he’d done to her neck. He didn’t allow her to gain any distance as he continued to walk them forward, however, grabbing and restraining the hands that had begun to push him away.

“Sebastian,” Clora resisted quietly, and she only squirmed against his hold and the pressure on her neck for a moment longer before he leisurely leaned back and wiped his mouth, looking satisfied. There was a pulsing heat on her neck where his lips had just been, and she brought her hand up to feel it.

Clora couldn’t see for herself what he’d done, but she didn’t need to. The area Sebastian had had his mouth on only moments prior was now raw to the touch, and she pulled away quickly, realizing he’d finally left a visible mark on her.

“Sebastian!” Clora scolded him in a whisper-shout as she brought her hand up to hide it, her face red. “I can’t walk around like this! I don’t have my scarf!”

“Not to worry,” Sebastian clearly anticipated that response as he gave her an easy smile, unravelling the one he currently wore thanks to whatever outdoor class he’d previously come in from, though Clora only stared at it. “Because as luck should have it, I have mine.”

He raised his eyebrows as he watched her, all too helpfully, and Clora knew for certain that this predicament was definitely not because of luck.

“You needn’t wear it, if you’d rather not,” he suggested glibly, his Slytherin scarf still outstretched in his hand for her to take if she so chose. “I certainly take no issue with you showing off my mark, instead.”

“They’re both your mark,” Clora grumbled as she finally grabbed the scarf from him, and Sebastian only smirked as he happily let her take it.

“No need to return it, either. You keep that one, and I’ll keep the one I purchased for Christmas,” Sebastian offered as she wrapped up her neck.

And as she did so, and breathed in his scent, Clora immediately understood why he wanted her to have this one instead.

Lucky for Sebastian, however, Clora had no issue with the trade, as she also preferred his used one over its pristine gift-wrapped variant, and so she nodded.

She wrapped the scarf more snugly around herself then, both for comfort, and to make sure it wouldn’t accidentally slip down too far.

Perhaps it wouldn’t be so bad walking around with a Slytherin scarf, either. Especially not when Clora could bring it up to her nose and indulge herself in Sebastian’s scent whenever she wanted to.

The only shame, she supposed, was that it would eventually fade.






One of the many good things about winter was that Clora could wear a scarf indoors without drawing any attention.

If it were summer, after all, attempting to hide Sebastian’s lovebite, as he’d called it, would have been a fair bit more difficult. Either because of the stares she would need to deal with at doing so, or because of the heat that she would no doubt be inflicting on herself in such a scenario.

But as it stood currently, nobody looked twice whether she decided to wear one indoors, and in class, or even to the Great Hall during dinner.

At least, that’s what Clora had thought, before Anne suddenly levelled her with a scrutinizing stare over their food.

“So. Any particular reason you’re finally wearing a Slytherin scarf? Indoors? And during dinner, no less?”

Clora had no food in her mouth, but she swallowed regardless. “I’ve just been…under the weather,” she lied lamely, distracting herself with the meat pie on her plate as she poked and prodded at it.

Anne made a noise of contemplation as she hummed, low and unamused. “Really,” she remarked, looking from Sebastian, then back to Clora. “More like under my brother.”

Clora dropped her fork, any pretense at distracting herself with her food now officially gone. “Anne!”

“What! I didn’t enjoy saying it any more than you liked hearing it,” she defended with a resigned sigh, shaking her head. “But I’ve come to accept this as our new reality. I’ve truly created a monster.”

“I’ve even grown wary of walking into both the Room of Requirement and the Undercroft, in fear of what I might find there,” Ominis sighed regretfully, and Clora leaned forward in desperation.

“It’s fine, you don’t need to worry about that!” she insisted, her face hot, and she suddenly wished she could take off the scarf and air herself out.

“Yes, Ominis, you do,” Sebastian overruled, ignoring Clora’s embarrassed protests and disagreements. “In fact, if you could knock, too, that would be swell.”

That managed to get a chuckle out of Ominis, and he shook his head in amusement. “At the very least, I suppose I needn’t worry about seeing anything.”

Anne shook her head gravely, making a low noise of disagreement. “Seeing it is only half of the horror, Ominis,” she informed him, and Clora now opted to merely bury her burning face in her hands.

She never thought she’d be grateful to see Headmaster Black of all people enter the Great Hall then, but the pause in their teasing and the quiet that descended at his sudden entrance was a welcome one, and Clora turned to watch him cough pompously into his hand as he cleared his throat in a rather exaggerated manner.

“Yes, yes. Quiet down. You—do stop smacking your lips,” Black called distractedly as he took to the podium, grimacing at a nearby Gryffindor and shaking his head in disgust. “Where was I—ah. Yes. Attention, students. As I’m sure those of you who bother to keep well-informed are no doubt aware, there is currently a goblin rebellion on the rise.”

The unexpected topic of conversation caused a wave of murmurs to sweep through the room, and Clora saw Sebastian visibly still as Black once again cleared his throat loudly, holding up his closed fist for silence.

“Indeed. We’ve received many complaints and concerns from faculty and parents alike, as more and more of those pesky camps have begun to crop up nearby. Rest assured, however, that so long as you students remain within our grounds, not even a single goblin might lay a finger on you. And so—”

Black cleared his throat once more, and his posture somehow straightened even further. “I am pleased to inform you all that Quidditch, in the meantime, will once more be reinstated and permissible to play again, effective immediately.”

The Great Hall immediately erupted into whoops and cheers and whistles, and the Headmaster stepped off to the side, his chest puffed at having delivered the good news, before Weasley quickly took his place on the stand.

“While surely exciting, this is in part to encourage students to stay on the grounds, if you can at all help it,” Weasley called out, though with the excitement of the news, it was doubtful if her words were sinking in. “We ask that students keep their excursions limited to Hogsmeade, and Hogsmeade alone. Though hopefully, the return of Quidditch will prevent any form of stir-craze from settling in!”

The students cheered once more at the mention of Quidditch, and although Weasley tried to get a few more caveats and disclaimers in after that, it wasn’t much use. All of the tables and students were already excitedly talking amongst themselves, and since Clora was currently situated at the Slytherin table, she heard Imelda Reyes’ voice loud and clear as it drowned out most of the ones around her.

Despite all the cheering about Quidditch resuming, however, all Sebastian could think about was why it was suddenly being brought back in the first place, and the fact that the goblins were becoming more of an issue, no doubt because Rookwood was gone.

They had to be cropping up more and venturing closer and closer to Hogwarts because of Clora, and Sebastian was suddenly regretting his agreement to allow her to hold onto the relic, because Ranrok would need to be taken care of, one way or another.

Sebastian was pulled out of his thoughts as Anne turned excitedly back to the table, their prior conversation all but forgotten as she looked to him. “Are you going to try out again? I can’t imagine Imelda will simply let you reclaim your previous spot without fighting for it.”

Before he could respond, Clora looked between the twins in surprise, settling on Sebastian. “You used to play?”

It really shouldn’t have surprised her as much as it did, considering that, along with herself, Sebastian was the best duellist in their year. Though, Clora was living proof that being good at duelling didn’t equal any sort of athletic capabilities.

“I did indeed,” Sebastian leaned back on his arms as he looked to her. “Though I stopped once Anne started getting worse, since I no longer had the luxury to focus on the sport.”

“Might you have a guess as to what position Sebastian played?” Ominis inquired with a curve of his lips, and Clora stared at the table in thought.

“Keeper?” she tried.

Sebastian barked a laugh as he leaned forward, shaking his head. “I’ve had enough of Keepers, thank you,” he remarked bitterly, and Clora couldn’t help but laugh in return at that.

“He was a Beater,” Anne revealed with grandeur, looking somewhat jealous. “It’s a shame I don’t have the physique for the position, now that I think about it. A pair of twins as Beaters would be quite the spectacle.”

Clora never cared for sports much herself, but Quidditch was something you couldn’t exactly avoid, and she’d even been to a few games herself. And although she’d barely been able to keep up and didn’t have much knowledge on the sport as a whole, Clora at least knew that the position of Beater required a decent amount of muscle and strength, which was why it was almost exclusively played by boys.

That only reminded Clora that Sebastian certainly did have the physique for such a position, and that thought, in turn, was rather attractive.

Not only was Sebastian intelligent, with his grades in subjects he cared about being right up at the top alongside hers, but he was strong and athletic, too, most likely due to his upbringing on a farm rather than somewhere cushy and pampered.

It made Clora think of when he’d been out of his uniform, with his sleeves rolled up to reveal his strong forearms, and the way he’d lifted her so easily, and pinned her down so effortlessly against the wall, and his larger hands, and the way he lifted the bag of flour, and suddenly Clora once again wished she could take off the blasted scarf she was wearing.

“Clora?” Sebastian asked, and judging by the way he’d asked it, it was clear that it wasn’t the first time he’d tried to get her attention. “Thinking of dittanies and their multitude of uses, I’m sure.”

Anne shook her head, smiling conspiratorially. “Actually, I think I know exactly what she’s thinking about.”

Clora snapped to her immediately in alarm. “You do?”

“Don’t worry,” Anne laughed. “I won’t say anything.”

But she didn’t need to, because as Clora had just reminded herself, Sebastian wasn’t daft—far from. And so he raised an eyebrow as he leaned forward on the table, his chin resting on his knuckles as he studied her.

“Could it be you were imagining how dashing I might look as a Beater?” he suggested, and Clora didn’t even bother trying to say otherwise as Sebastian laughed, because she knew her cheeks were betraying her.

“You really need a better poker face,” Anne observed.

“No, she doesn’t,” Sebastian disagreed flatly, turning to Clora. “Come watch me when I play. You’ll be even more smitten than you already are.”

Clora nodded, because while she wasn’t sure if she could get any more smitten, she would like to see it regardless. “I will, definitely. Just let me know when.”

“As if your ego needs any more inflating,” Ominis remarked, and Sebastian turned to him as he shook his head.

“If only you could see me in action for yourself, Ominis,” he lamented. “I wager you’d fall for me, too.”






Clora winced as she slid out of bed, grabbing her side as she went.

Ever since attempting to purge the curse while in the repository, it had begun to flare up more and more as of late. And although she didn’t feel any dizziness, or feel like she was in any sort of danger of collapsing, she was, instead, in danger of waking both herself and her roommates multiple times a night as she cried out in pain.

Clora hoped it would have ceased on its own, but after a third day of trying to convince Samantha and the others that it was simply night terrors, she knew she couldn’t continue like this.

Luckily for Clora, however, there just so happened to be two secret areas at her disposal where she could sleep instead—places where, even if she were to cry out in pain in during the night, she’d be disturbing nobody but herself.

And the pain did only seem to flare up at night, which was both a blessing and a curse. At least she didn’t need to worry about causing a scene in class, or worrying Sebastian or Ominis. But it did mean that her quality of sleep had begun to suffer, and that a trip to Hogsmeade for the same tea that she’d purchased for Anne might very well be in order.

The downside of sleeping in the Room of Requirement (aside from the obvious lack of a proper bed) was the lack of clocks and hustle and bustle of other students waking up for the day, and so Clora was glad when another person entering the Room of Requirement caused her to shoot up from the couch, startling her out of her slumber.

Sebastian gave her a curious look as he waltzed in and Clora collected herself, crossing his arms and watching her patiently as she did so. “You’re in here early.”

“I couldn’t fall back asleep, and so I figured I would come here to study,” she lied, thankful that there were still some open books left out on the table from last time they were here to cover for her. “Though as you can see, I ended up falling asleep. How about you? Why are you here so early?”

Sebastian raised his eyebrows at her as he walked in further. “I went to meet you outside of your common room, and Samantha informed me that you’d already left. And, here we are.”

“Oh—sorry for making you come all the way here,” Clora offered as she stood. If she was going to be sleeping in the Room of Requirement from now on, she would need to make sure to somehow get back to her common room by the morning next time. “I just need to wash up. You can go ahead to breakfast first, I won’t be long.”

“As much as I’d like to insist otherwise, I’ll take you up on that. I’m starved,” Sebastian said as he made his way to the door, though quickly stopped to swivel and face her. “But before I forget—we’ll be playing today.”

“Oh! I’ll be there! When is it?”

“After classes, but don’t expect too much. It isn’t tryouts, merely practice for the tryouts,” Sebastian clarified, and Clora raised an eyebrow.

“Don’t expect too much?” she repeated, crossing her arms. “I was led to believe that it would render me freshly smitten.”

Sebastian chuckled, leaving the door to walk up and meet her in the room. “I never said don’t expect too much of me. The teams aren’t final, so I simply can’t guarantee that they’ll put up much of a fight.”

Clora laughed, the latter half of her chuckle going into Sebastian’s mouth as he dipped his head down to give her a quick kiss goodbye.

Or, what Sebastian intended to be a quick kiss goodbye, and Clora could almost see the internal struggle as he pulled away and looked at her, half-poised to leave, and half-poised to lean back in and continue, and the display made her laugh once more.

“Go on and eat! I have to wash up anyway, remember?” Clora urged, pushing him and leading them both out of the door.

As always, however, Sebastian managed to get the last word in before they separated, making her face flush as he informed her that he’d much rather be enjoying her instead of his breakfast.






There wasn’t much of an interest in seeing players merely practice for tryouts, and so the stands were unsurprisingly rather empty as the lot of them got into their gear and decided which students would be forming which temporary team.

And it was because of that sparsity in onlookers that Sebastian noticed every one that did approach.

Well, that and the fact that he was waiting for Clora to arrive regardless, and his eyes flickered to the seats every now and again to see if he could spot her pale head of hair.

Sebastian was already irritated, after all, and the distinct lack of Clora wasn’t helping.

Or maybe it was better if she didn’t end up coming and stayed away, just so that she didn’t have to be in the same general vicinity of Leander, who was currently with him on the field, planning to try out for a spot of his own.

Sebastian had already been forced to watch Clora flounder about Leander the entire day—watched as Leander commented on the Slytherin scarf she was wearing—his scarf—that she’d quickly insisted actually belonged to Anne. Forced to watch her fumble with her words and attempt to speak with him, while Leander looked on hopefully, and with bated breath, wondering at what she might say, and no doubt misinterpreting her nervous hesitation as he did so.

The thought annoyed Sebastian more than it should—the idea that Leander presumed she might be planning to confess any sort of feelings for him, because that no doubt meant he was in turn letting his imaginings run wild in his head, just as Sebastian had done himself. And seeing as he himself knew what that was like, and what the other boy might be imagining, it only made Sebastian even more impatient, eager to set Leander straight once and for all.

But Sebastian had told Clora that he would let her do it, on her own time and in her own terms, and so he’d had no recourse other than to watch and stew and bounce his leg and tap his finger, and Sebastian was rather thankful for the practice today, because he was certainly in the mood to hit something with a bat at the moment.

His head suddenly jerked up as he noticed new movement, however, watching Clora as soon as she entered the field and made her way over to the stands, his eyes following her the entire way up.

Sebastian also noticed Leander notice Clora’s arrival, turning to his Gryffindor mates as he grinned.

“Boys play better when there’s a pretty girl watching,” he declared loudly, earning some hoots and hollers, and Sebastian spun his bat around irritably as he listened, distracting himself by turning once more to the stands to look up at Clora.

Now that she was settled she met his eyes immediately, and just the sight of Clora alone almost instantly soothed him as she smiled and waved down at him, pulling his scarf closer around herself to keep warm in the winds as she did so. She could have changed into her Ravenclaw one by now, too, but she’d kept Sebastian’s on—his on—and that fact allowed him to smother most of his irritation as he smiled and waved back up at her.

But even the light that was Clora herself couldn’t dispel his dark mood for long, especially not when Leander walked up near him to wave to her as well. And as the Gryffindor came up, now clad in his gear, Sebastian noticed something on his equipment that he hadn’t before.

The patch that Clora had got him for Christmas—that damned half-Ravenclaw and half-Gryffindor monstrosity—was plastered high on the right of his chest, and Leander thumped it twice as he waved to Clora.

Sebastian watched, and made a concerted effort not to look at Clora. Because where the sight of her smiling and waving had calmed him before, he knew it would only have the opposite effect on him now—now that her smile and wave would be intended for Leander, or at the very least half intended for him, and Sebastian didn’t like to share.
 
The way he was was feeling about the entire situation was no doubt glaringly obvious on his face and disposition, because as Leander looked down from waving to Clora in the stands and caught a glimpse of Sebastian’s stormy expression, his own brightened in turn.

“Jealous?” he looked down to rub the patch as if he were shining it as he returned to the rest of the Gryffindors, and Sebastian only worked his jaw as he seethed.

Not only was Leander wearing something Clora had given to him, but he was wearing something Clora had given him while under the pretense of assuming it may have been a romantic gesture, and the thought had Sebastian feeling antsy all over again.

Though he did feel his irritation ebb away somewhat once Imelda gathered them all up, and his hands tightened around his bat.

Sebastian had very clear shots at Leander’s head over the course of their game, with his bright red hair and freckled face a glowing target that practically begged to be hit with a Bludger, but Sebastian nonetheless kept his sportsmanship about him, not taking aim at Leander nearly as many times as he’d personally have liked.

Since it was only practice for tryouts, it wasn’t a true game and served more as an exercise in new, prospective teammates to get some practice in, or for previous members like Sebastian to polish up their form.

Imelda had been bitter about that (and Sebastian, too, as he’d have liked to thoroughly trounce the opposing Gryffindors) though it wasn’t long before they were all back on the ground, jeering each other’s forms, and how they might have played, and how rusty they might have gotten during their break.

As all of the players roughhoused amongst their houses, Sebastian noticed Clora coming down from the stands and approaching, and he quickly shoved whoever was currently attempting to trap him in a headlock away as he made his way over to meet her.

And Sebastian tried not to let the irritation show as Leander also joined him to do the same.

“How was it?” Leander prompted as Clora came to a stop in front of them, smiling proudly.

“Quidditch has never really been my cup of tea, to be honest. But it was fun to watch up close, especially with people I know,” she told him, and Leander then drew her attention to his patch, tapping his finger on it.

“Did you notice this?” he asked, grinning once her eyes fell on it. “Guaranteed to get a spot thanks to this, I’d wager.”

Clora laughed, and Sebastian could tell it was an embarrassed, shy sort of laugh, and that only annoyed him further.

“I’m just glad it can actually get some use, now that Quidditch is back,” she nodded, looking from the patch and then up to Leander’s face. “And you played very impressively! You’re quite a skilled Chaser, Leander. I doubt you’d even need it.”

Clora turned to Sebastian with a smile as well, then. “And Sebastian, you also—”

Whatever Sebastian also was would have to remain a mystery as he pulled her into his arms, planting a forceful kiss on her lips as he sealed her mouth with his own. His hands snaked up her back, one arm still holding her against him as the other held the back of her head, and he once again felt her hairclip there.

Sebastian had only meant to kiss her in front of Leander for the sake of doing so, but the possessiveness he’d been feeling all day—at having to watch the two of them dance around each other, yet being unable to do anything about it—suddenly burst out of him, and Sebastian crushed Clora into him, pressing his lips down on hers just as hard.

He only distantly heard the rest of his team whooping and cheering, because all of Sebastian’s attention was currently on Clora, and on her little gasping breaths that he could still hear beneath the wind and the commotion, not to mention the muffled noises of surprise that he was currently smothering with his hungry lips and tongue.

In her confusion and surprise, she’d let Sebastian all but devour her for much longer than he’d been expecting, though Clora still inevitably did regain her composure and pulled away hastily.

As usual, though, that only meant Sebastian now moved down to her neck instead. He licked at the mark he’d already made there, and upon seeing it, he suddenly wanted to pull her close and crush both her body and her lips beneath his once more.

“You’re insatiable!” Clora berated, slapping his uniformed shoulder to emphasize her outburst as he kept his arms wrapped around her, continuing to venture down her neck undisturbed. “I said to behave in public, Sebastian!”

So he did, pulling away with a satisfied, refreshed smile as he looked down at her in adoration. And where Sebastian was feeling rather rejuvenated and recharged, Clora looked suddenly exhausted and undone, and he supposed he really was insatiable, because that just made him want to go back in for more and really tire her out.

“Behave in public?” Leander repeated suddenly, clearing his throat loudly, and Clora seemed to remember his existence as her head snapped over to him, Sebastian following suit as he looked over slowly.

“I’m sorry you had to see that,” she said quickly, her cheeks burning even hotter when she realized Sebastian’s neck kisses had pulled down her scarf, and at Leander’s sudden focus on her neck, she quickly pulled it back up to cover the mark that still remained. “Sebastian is just—”

“Her boyfriend,” he cut in flatly, his arms crossed. “Which means Clora is also my girlfriend. Though I’m sure you’ve pieced that together on your own.”

“You’ve made that rather clear, yes,” Leander responded shortly, working his jaw as he looked stiffly from Sebastian to Clora. “I’ll be on my way. Enjoy yourselves.”

“We will,” Sebastian called back as he watched him go, and Clora spun and hit him again.

“Why did you do that?” she cried, her face still red not only from his kiss, and Leander, but also from the Slytherins nearby who were still calling over to Sebastian and being rather clamorous about what he’d just done and their clear support of it.

“I couldn’t stand it anymore, knowing he was thinking about you like that—that he might’ve had a chance with you,” Sebastian’s voice dipped as he grimaced, his bitterness back in full as he watched the Gryffindor continue to disappear in the distance. “Did you see him flaunting that patch? I hope he incinerates the blasted thing now, or I may be inclined to do it for him.”

To Sebastian’s surprise Clora didn’t argue back, and he looked down at her as she chewed her lip, also staring off at where Leander had gone.

“Well…I still don’t agree with how it was done, but…I suppose I am glad to have finally gotten it over with,” she confessed, and she really shouldn’t have, because Sebastian grinned and dipped down to once again kiss her in public, and she quickly ducked away from him.

The whole debacle had made her put herself in Sebastian’s shoes, after all, and how she might have felt had the situation been reversed.

“I’m not saying what you did was right, but…if the situations had been the other way around, I would have been jealous, too,” Clora admitted, and Sebastian’s eyebrows shot up as he stared at her.

“You would?” he asked, the disbelief and surprise on his voice somewhat insulting, and Clora scrunched her nose up at him.

“Of course. I love you, too, remember? I was even jealous when I saw you dancing with all of those girls at the Yule Ball,” she told him, her scrunches deepening at the memory. “That’s why I was happy when you ‘stole me away.’”

Sebastian merely blinked, and then he was pulling her towards him again, chuckling as she half-heartedly tried to escape. “I wish I’d known. I’d have paid money to see you jealous,” he remarked as Clora stilled to scowl up at him.

“It could always still happen in the future,” she told him as if to reassure him, but Sebastian shook his head quickly to reassure her instead.

“I’ll never give you cause to be jealous, so no. It can’t,” he leaned forward as he spoke, his words brushing against the crook of her jaw. “No other girls exist for me, so there’s none for you to be jealous of.”

Clora blushed at that, and Sebastian felt it against his nose that brushed against her skin.

“Though, I wish the same could be said for you,” he grumbled accusingly into her skin, pulling back to look at her seriously. “Between Dark wizards, goblins, and blokes pining after you, I’m beginning to understand why princesses in fairytales are always locked away in towers.”

Clora laughed sharply, shooting him a look that was equally as such. “Don’t get any ideas.”

Sebastian barked a laugh, mostly because he supposed she had every right to be wary. After all, if they were to be put in some fairytale, he would be more likely to lock her in a tower than rescue her from one. Unlike a fine, upstanding fellow such as Leander.

“You claim I’m insatiable, but I think you’ll be rather impressed at my self-control today,” Sebastian piped up suddenly, and Clora turned to him with a clear look of disbelief. “I resisted hitting Leander with the Bludger three times, at the very least.”

“Wow,” Clora droned, though she couldn’t help the smile that betrayed her affection. “What a prince charming you are.”

Sebastian smiled as he wrapped his arm around her. “I try.”






Clora had never paid attention to Leighton Lawley before she’d slapped him.

Because of that, she hadn’t realized that her Beasts class wasn’t the only one she shared with him, but her Potions class as well, much to her despair.

Though at the very least she had Sebastian and Ominis with her this time around, and although Clora was no longer worried about Lawley starting any physical altercations with her now that she had the two boys as company, she was instead worried that Sebastian might start one with him.

Especially when Lawley walked by to head to his station, slowing behind their group as he sneered at them.

“Put on quite the display at Quidditch practice, or so I heard,” he remarked, turning his head to grimace down at them, and Clora could never tell if he was smiling or scrunching up his face in disgust. “You must be smelling rather minty as of late, huh, Sallow?”

Clora’s eyebrows knitted in confusion at Lawley’s strange jeer, wondering at how calling someone minty might be anything worth teasing them over, when it sounded more like a compliment to her.

Sebastian, however, glared back at the boy and bounced his knee on the stool, thankful that Clora seemingly didn’t catch his meaning, based on her befuddled expression.

Because peppermint was one of the main ingredients in a rather popular potion brewed amongst the couples of Hogwarts, as it made men no longer…potent, upon drinking it.

There was a female version of the elixir as well, to temporarily make them no longer fertile, but the male variation of the concoction was much easier to brew. Not to mention Sebastian didn’t exactly intend to bring the subject up to Clora regardless, let alone ask her to take the potion herself. It was for his sake, after all, and his own selfishness. Sebastian simply wanted to be prepared, and ready, because if she ever did allow him to go that far with her, he didn’t want to risk not being able to fully enjoy her in the moment.

So Sebastian had indeed begun to brew it as of late, and the effects lasted for an entire week. Both brewing and gathering the ingredients for it was easy enough, because like the Quietening charm, most of the male student body was aware of its existence for obvious reasons.

And if Sebastian did ever fail to gather the necessary components himself, he’d come across Garreth Weasley on more than one occasion, selling the required ingredients for the elixir at an exorbitant price, charging especially high for the blokes who he could tell were rather desperate.

But luckily for his wallet, Sebastian was a resourceful sort. He’d gathered and traded more than enough to last him quite a while, even if he were to take the brew every week as he’d planned to do. And, just as Lawley had guessed, Sebastian had begun to smell rather pepperminty as of late, but there were certainly worse things to smell like.

Both him and Ominis stayed quiet, however, and just like he’d done back in Charms when the topic of Quietus had come up, Ominis once again distracted Clora with their current assignment.

Though even if Clora managed to steer her thoughts away from what Sebastian smelling minty might mean, it was hard to steer her thoughts away from Lawley himself, and she couldn’t help the grimace on her face whenever his voice would raise, and she would be forced to hear it.

“I must say, it’s rare for you to so openly dislike someone,” Ominis commented in amusement.

“I was just thinking the same,” Sebastian agreed. “I’m almost jealous.”

“Oh, stop it,” Clora grumbled, turning to look at Lawley before turning back to the two boys in front of her. “I do know it’s petty, but even his name aggravates me.”

“His name?” Sebastian lifted an eyebrow in amused curiosity, and it only took him a moment longer before he realized, and then he leaned back to laugh.

“He doesn’t deserve to be an alliteration ally,” Clora defended, her face red, and Sebastian was laughing all over again.

“Well, look on the bright side,” he offered once he’d finished laughing, tilting his head as he smirked at her. “You two won’t have that in common for much longer, seeing as your name won’t be an alliteration forever.”

Clora frowned, opening her mouth as she readied herself to argue.

But then she looked to Sebastian, who was leaned over the table and resting his chin on his knuckles as he watched her in amusement, waiting for it to click.

And then it did, and Clora didn’t have anything to say to that that her cheeks didn’t already say for her, and so she quickly looked down at her station and got to work.






“Sebastian,” Clora stopped him after Potions while the students filed out, looking around hesitantly as she made sure the classroom was now empty. “We still need to take the relic to my room, remember? You said we could do it after the Leander situation was resolved.”

Sebastian sighed, dipping his head and crossing his arms.

“Fine. So long as you allow me to bring it the next time we head to the repository—just in case of an emergency,” he proposed, and when Clora hesitantly nodded, he relaxed and uncrossed his arms. “When works for you?”

Missing a class never ‘worked’ for Clora, and she chewed on her lip intensely before responding. “Well, if I have to miss a class, I’d prefer to miss Flying, which I have next. I haven’t been doing much in it regardless, so if you don’t mind skipping your next class…”

“Done,” Sebastian agreed easily as she trailed off uncertainly. “My next class is History of Magic, and I’d have fallen asleep anyway. I’ll go fetch the relic from my trunk, and then I’ll meet you outside of your common room.”

Clora agreed, and as the two of them left the empty Potions class and went on their separate ways, Leighton Lawley peeked out of Sharp’s office to watch them go.





Just as Sebastian had said, sneaking the relic into the Ravenclaw common room during classes had been the perfect time to do so.

Clora had never seen the space so empty, with not even a single studying student in sight, and it was rather jarring, to say the least.

Sebastian, however, strode in happily as he looked all about him, stopping at her side in front of the stairs to the girls’ rooms. And upon noticing the knights, and what their purpose was, he couldn’t help the sudden laugh that escaped him.

“Shh!” Clora hissed, looking around as Sebastian still laughed and flicked one of the knights and their shiny, metal armor.

“You can’t be serious. Your common room doesn’t keep chaps out by turning into a slide, but by stationing knights outside of your dorms?” he observed in amused disbelief, his voice still coated with barely contained mirth.

“I didn’t design it,” Clora mumbled in embarrassment, and Sebastian only continued to snicker.

“I suppose they’re here to keep scoundrels such as myself out. Protect your virtue, and all that,” he mused, leaning left and right to examine them as they adjusted their stance with his movements.

“Just give me the relic, and I can go hide it on my own,” Clora ignored both him and her own pink cheeks, pressing on out of embarrassment alone. “Unless you have a plan to get in?”

“Of course. The dashing rogue always has a plan to bypass the noble knights,” Sebastian informed her smugly, though he walked himself back until the knights no longer barred Clora out, letting her walk up the stairs now. “But, ladies first.”

Now that Sebastian was a reasonable distance from them, the knights had lowered their raised weapons to allow her access, and she made her way up the stairs before turning to look at Sebastian curiously.

But he was gone, except not really, because she could still hear him moving about, and it wasn’t long before he shed the Disillusionment Charm, standing right in front of her and successfully past the knights.

“While impressive looking, they aren’t nearly as effective as a winding staircase that turns into a slide,” he informed her as he kissed her in greeting, and Clora raised an eyebrow at him.

“You know that from experience, do you?”

Sebastian only grinned and shrugged. “What else do you think first-year boys do, other than try to constantly enter the girls’ quarters? Doubly so when you have a sister to annoy.”

Clora laughed, and she supposed she couldn’t argue with that.

Once they reached her room, Sebastian finally handed her the relic, and Clora held her breath as she took it. It almost felt as though it were vibrating, and it reminded her of the curse inside of her—inanimate and not alive, not truly, but it felt alive, as though it were brimming with life energy. As though it had a presence.

Clora had the perfect hiding spot for it prepared, and she opened her vanity drawer to place the relic inside, closing it swiftly afterwards. She tested the hiding spot by pulling the drawer open quickly once more, and when she did, she was pleased to see that the relic was now nowhere to be found.

It was a rather simple illusion, but now, she would need to tap the drawer with her wand and cast Revelio in order for it to truly show her the drawer with the relic, and she nodded at her handiwork, satisfied.

Clora turned around to show Sebastian and to perhaps get his input on it, though as soon as she did so, he was already right there in front of her. His mouth met hers swiftly as she took a surprised step back and he followed, and her backside bumped into the vanity behind her as he walked them forward.

“Sebastian—we didn’t come here to do this,” Clora insisted, and Sebastian smiled as he leaned back to look at her.

“You didn’t even think about it?”

“I was more concerned with hiding a Dark relic,” she argued in disbelief, and Sebastian nodded easily.

“And so you did. But you didn’t stop to think about why I needed to come along? It’s not exactly a two-person job, as you’ve no doubt gathered.”

He chuckled against her skin at her sudden silence, and at the silence all around them, revelling in the rare, private moment. Because Clora would never skip class to do this normally, and it was only thanks to that that they now had a brief moment of privacy. In her room.

Sebastian thought getting alone time at Hogwarts with the Quietening Charm had been hard, but as it turned out, finding a place to be alone in Hogwarts with another person was even harder. And he really, from the absolute bottom of his heart, pitied each and every bloke in the school who had a girlfriend and no secret Undercroft or Room of Requirement to take her to.

Really. How did they manage?

He supposed there was always the forbidden forest, if nothing else. And Sebastian certainly would risk a few spider bites for snogs, if he’d had nothing else.

Though despite having the Undercroft and the Room of Requirement at his disposal, being in Clora’s room, surrounded by her things, and her scent, and her personal bed, was another thing entirely. It sent an electric thrill through Sebastian as he continued to kiss her, walking her over to it and following her down once the back of her legs hit the mattress and made her sit.

“I suppose I should even be grateful for those knights guarding both your room and your virtue. You certainly need them, after all, if you’re so innocent as to think this wouldn’t be on my mind upon sneaking into your room.”

Clora chuckled and tried to stay upright as he bore down on her, going from her lips to her neck. “I think you enjoy the prospect of sneaking into my room perhaps a little too much,” she accused.

“Getting into the princess’s tower, bypassing her knights, and taking her all for myself?” he continued to lean over her, and she allowed herself to fall back onto her blankets. “What’s not to enjoy?”

Now that Sebastian was fully leaning on top of her, she no longer had the means to reply to that as he deepened his kisses, and Clora’s heart felt as though it was beating into her throat as she thought; thought about how strange and yet exciting it was to have Sebastian not only in her room, but in her bed as well.

There was something wholly different about it, somehow—something a touch scary, even, and Clora wasn’t sure if she was ready for whatever being on a bed might bring with it. Because unlike the hallway, there was nobody around, and they were alone in her room, and it certainly was different, even if they were doing much the same thing.

It wasn’t only the location, either, but Sebastian felt different, too. His kisses were ravenous and starved, and when she drowsily opened her eyes and blinked up at him, he was looking down at her in a way she’d never seen before, and she could tell her face was probably as flushed as it’d ever been.

“It’s almost criminal how cute you are,” Sebastian’s voice was low and gravelly as he murmured into her skin, poised to kiss her once more, before he paused. “Criminally cute Clora.”

An unexpected laugh burst out of Clora then at the sudden alliteration, taking her wholly off guard, and Sebastian only smiled as he watched her.

While unexpected, however, it had been welcome, and even managed to ease her mind somewhat. Because even though his voice was low and thick, and his eyes were hungrier and darker than usual, the callback to their own little joke reassured Clora that it was nonetheless still Sebastian.

“It’s like you read my mind,” she laughed airily as he exhaled one of his own against her neck.

“Well, it’s a good thing you can’t read mine.”

Clora’s heart skipped at that. “Why?” she whispered, attempting to keep her tone light and failing miserably. “I wouldn’t like what I might see?”

Sebastian pulled back to look at her. “Considering how nervous you already are, you would run straight for the door if you saw what else I was thinking.”

Clora remained quiet for a moment, and then she reached up to touch his arms, tightening her grip slightly. “I wouldn’t run.”

He remained quiet and still as he watched her, with her clearly nervous and unsure disposition, yet nonetheless hesitantly willing, and accepting him, and it was enough to drive Sebastian crazy.

She said she wouldn’t run, but he had to wonder if she would still feel the same way if he truly stopped holding himself back.

“Can I touch you?” he asked.

“I…” Clora started, seemingly needing to catch her breath despite the fact that she was simply laying there. “Y-yes.”

Yes, he could, and he was the only one who had that privilege, and Sebastian wasted no time in bringing his hands up, starting low to savour all of her. His hands travelled up her legs, to her soft thighs still hidden beneath her skirt, up her hips and then her waist, finally stopping at her ribs, just beneath her breasts.

Clora had been holding her breath that entire time, and once he stopped, he felt her chest rise as she caught a shuddering, unsteady breath.

The two of them remained silent, both focused solely on his hand and where it was placed and what it was so close to touching, and only the sounds of their breathing filled the room as Sebastian continued softly.

“Can I go higher?”

He felt Clora still beneath him, watching her patiently, and he brought his hand down in the meantime, running it back and forth between her hips and her waist, delighting in the way the curves of her body felt.

Clora finally nodded shyly at his question, and Sebastian slowly slithered his hands back up to where they’d been previously, going further beyond her ribs this time. They remained over her shirt as he finally moved them up, up, and then he took her softness into his hands completely, inhaling shakily at the same time as her.

It was the same softness he’d felt so many times before—against his back, and against his bicep, tantalizing and teasing him and muddling his thoughts and now it was in his hand as he cupped her roughly through her shirt, squeezing her breast and rubbing it in circles.

Clora looked down, watching his eager, hungered movements in embarrassment as he fondled and felt her and enjoyed her, and her bashful innocent spectating of his lustful motions made Sebastian need to lean forward and kiss her once more.

“Can I go underneath your shirt?” he whispered unsteadily against her lips.

Clora’s breaths were heavy, and Sebastian patiently stayed mere inches from her mouth, slowly running his hands along her entire body. He moved from her thighs, to her stomach, to her breasts, and then back down, over and over again as he waited for her answer.

And finally, she nodded slowly. “You—you can feel,” she decided. “But don’t look.”

“I want to look,” Sebastian insisted gently as he brought his lips down to her skin, affectionally licking the mark he’d already made there. “You’re beautiful, Clora. So beautiful. I want to be able to see all of you.”

Clora’s breath caught, and Sebastian kissed her again, his hands beginning to move over her shirt once more as he rubbed her breasts over the soft and thin material, peppering her with loving kisses as he did so, from her lips, to her jaw, to her cheek, and then to anywhere else he could make contact with.

And instead of answering or nodding this time, Clora’s breath sped up as she brought her hands down to roll up her shirt on her own, keeping her eyes low while Sebastian watched intently, barely breathing as she grabbed the bottom of her white button-up, lifting it up slowly, much too slowly, until he could see the pale flesh of her hips, and then her stomach, then her ribs, and—

Clora clutched at the rolled up fabric and her bunched up brassiere now sitting atop her bare breasts like a lifeline, her face red and her breathing erratic as she looked down to nervously avoid Sebastian’s eyes, baring herself to him.

It took everything in Clora’s power to not immediately pull her shirt back down, especially as Sebastian remained still and unmoving, not saying anything one way or the other, and then it really was too embarrassing to handle, and Clora went to pull it down once more.

That finally spurred Sebastian into action, though, and he roughly grabbed her wrist in his haste to stop her, holding it against the bed as he brought his head down to take her bare breast into his mouth.

Clora gasped as she brought her free hand down to cover herself, but Sebastian took that one, too, intertwining his fingers though hers and pressing it against the bed to join the other.

He gathered both of her wrists into one hand then as he held them down, so that he could continue to fondle and cup one of her breasts undisturbed, while his mouth worked on the other, swirling his tongue around the little pink tip until he felt it harden in his mouth, enjoying the way Clora’s body writhed beneath him in reaction as she made high pitched little noises, muffled behind her pursed lips.

Sebastian continued to tease that sensitive spot of hers with playful flicks of his tongue as she whimpered, and he tightened his grip on her wrists and her breast as he groaned into that soft flesh, giving a wet kiss to the hard peak there as he murmured against her all the while, telling her how beautiful, beautiful, beautiful she was, though his mouth very quickly became occupied again.

He brought his lips back down around that soft skin of her chest, sucking at the pink tip that was no doubt sore and sensitive and closer to being red in colour now from Sebastian’s insistent, wet mouth; messy and desperate and making lewd, sloppy sounds that made Clora have to stifle a moan beneath him, because she was doing that to him, and he was enjoying her that much.

And then Sebastian took that hard peak of her breast between his lips, carefully, and oh so gently bit down on it.

Clora’s entire body arched as she cried out suddenly, not only at the sensation but at everything—the feeling of being so completely consumed and tasted and devoured by him.

And she’d expected her sudden cry to startle Sebastian. She’d been expecting him to pull away at it, and to ask if she was alright, like he usually did whenever she cried or gasped or yelped or squeaked. And when he asked, she would insist that she was fine, and then he would continue.

But it didn’t startle Sebastian, and he didn’t stop, and her cry seemed to have had the opposite effect on him as it only spurred Sebastian on more, his hand becoming rougher as it groped and squeezed and took handfuls of her almost painfully, while his mouth became more adventurous. He sucked and swirled on her breast—hard—and when Clora made yet another weak noise, Sebastian groaned and moved up from her chest to begin kissing her neck once more.

He began sucking there, too, harder and harder, ignoring Clora when she shook her head.

“Sebastian,” she gasped, her eyes not fully open. “No more marks—not on the neck,” she begged.

Sebastian obeyed, going lower to an area on her neck that a collar would cover, and he began sucking again, the telltale pressure of yet another of his marks forming as he did so.

But then Clora felt teeth and Sebastian held her firm when she bucked at the sensation, the suction of his mouth never leaving her neck despite her squirming movements.

Clora’s chest heaved as Sebastian pulled back to look down at her and his handiwork alike, staring at Clora’s neck and what he’d done to it. Staring at the marks that he’d left—marks that nobody else would be able to see.

Her soft, white flesh was like a blank canvas for him to paint on, and Sebastian brought himself back down to do the same to the flesh of her breasts, and then the soft flesh of her thighs, and anywhere else he’d always fantasized about putting his mouth on, and sinking his teeth into, as irresistibly soft as it was.

Everything about kissing Clora and touching her and being with her was intoxicating, from the physical sensations and how she made his body react and yearn for her, to the knowledge that she was finally his, laid out beneath him like he’d always imagined. So vulnerable and soft and his for the taking as she gave herself to him, and only to him.

No other man had ever marred her smooth, pristine flesh the way Sebastian had. No other man had ever run his hands over the areas he had, or touched where he touched. And if Sebastian had his way, no other man ever would do that—nobody but him. Clora and her softness and her noises and her moans and her fuzzy, flushed, dazed expressions were for Sebastian, and Sebastian alone, just as Clora herself was.

She simply lied there as he took her in, too overwhelmed to feel embarrassed over her exposed breasts anymore as she lay with her arms out limp at her sides, the exposed milky flesh of her chest heaving as she panted, open mouthed and cheeks a rosy pink.

Sebastian was back on her like a ravenous animal pouncing on a piece of meat, because how could he not at that sight—a sight made all the better because it was for him, and because of him.

Before, in the hallway, he’d pulled away from her. He hadn’t wanted her to feel what she did to him, lest it intimidate her, or scare her off.

But Sebastian no longer had the presence of mind to care about that, and he spread her legs, opening her up, rendering her somehow even more vulnerable than she’d already been as he settled himself between them and laid on top of her once more.

The needy and growing desire bulging and twitching in his trousers finally, finally pressed hard into the welcoming softness between her legs, and Clora’s moan of both pleasure and surprise was drowned out by Sebastian’s desperate groan as his weight buckled on top of her.

He breathed heavily as he looked down and watched Clora’s face drowsily, and seeing her beneath him, on a bed, finally between her legs and feeling her warmth and her entrance so close, just out of reach as he twitched and throbbed and ached for it was almost too much, even through their layers of clothing.

Sebastian’s shuddering breaths weren’t only from the relief of finally pressing his desire into her, but also from the fact that she now felt it rather blatantly. Felt his desire, and his hunger, and his arousal for her, painfully bulging against his trousers and against her, desperate to bury itself within her.

And knowing that Clora finally felt it, his hardness, and how much he wanted her and what she was doing to him—felt the proof of his own body reaching out to her in its desire to be inside of her—was maddening.

Especially the way she looked at him after feeling it—nervous, unsure, and surprised, but also curious, and trusting, and despite everything else, willing. Sebastian watched her with half-lidded eyes as he tested the waters, seeing if she would push him out from his new position between her legs as he sunk more of his weight and the hardness of his length against her, but Clora merely reached down, pulling up her skirt further, allowing her legs to spread wider so that Sebastian could settle more firmly between them.

It felt too good—she felt too good—and Sebastian moaned as he lowered himself into her more fully, releasing a shuddering, broken breath. He hadn’t even moved yet, but between seeing Clora beneath him, and holding her close, and marking her, and finally pressing himself against her—Sebastian already felt as if he might burst, and he took in steadying breaths to prevent that.

Which was why he swore loudly when Clora started moving beneath him first, her shaky breathing turning into high pitched whimpers as she tentatively moved her hips, grinding upwards and against him in circles, moaning softly and clutching at the sheets as she rubbed herself against him.

Sebastian made a strangled noise, groaning as if he were in pain as he collapsed heavily on top of her, his mouth open as he panted into the crook of her neck. His eyes squeezed shut as he made pathetic, near-whimpers in response to her slippery movements against his groin, sliding herself up and down against his length, and in between his curses Sebastian was gasping and heatedly rasping, Clora, Clora, Clora.

Clora surprised even herself at the noises that were coming out of her, as well—high and needy and desperate, and the sight of Sebastian so completely undone by her only further undid her in turn. The satisfying pressure of his weight and his hardness on top of her hit the spot between her legs that had been pulsing and buzzing because of him, and she arched against him, continuing to press her tingling nub against him as she panted his name.

And then Clora couldn’t move against him anymore, because Sebastian shoved his hips flush against hers, grinding himself down into her.

Clora’s movements against him had only reminded him of what he hadn’t been able to do in the wardrobe, and so Sebastian mashed himself heavily into her and between her legs, his hips and groin rolling and rocking against her softness, and her warmth, and she was no longer able to continue her own motions and forced to only accept his as he rutted against her, rough and desperate, taking over with needy and demanding thrusts as he grunted and moaned her name all the while.

Sebastian hiked her skirt up further and gripped one of Clora’s thighs, hooking it around his waist as he thrust against her, both her leg and her body bobbing up and down with his heated, frenzied movements, and she clutched at his chest, and then his shoulders, and when her head fell back and her mouth was open and panting, Sebastian leaned forward to shove his tongue inside, moaning into her mouth and sealing it wetly with his own.

“Sebastian,” Clora moaned once their lips parted, and for a moment Sebastian was worried she might tell him to stop, and for another moment he was worried that he might not be able to stop.

But she didn’t, and she only repeated his name in a daze, looking up at him with eyes that didn’t seem to be seeing anything, and Sebastian only cursed in response to that, and to his name on her lips, and on her breath, and in her moans.

His own breathing was ragged and broken as he grunted her name over and over and continued to roll his hips against hers, and Sebastian wasn’t sure how he didn’t explode against her right then and there, both from the sight and sounds of her ecstasy, and from the way his name sounded slathered in it.

Clora’s hands were no longer clutching at him and fell limp at her sides once more, and so Sebastian gathered them up again, holding them down as he took in the sight of her rocking beneath him.

The sight of her with her legs open just for him, and the way her thighs and her breasts and her body bounced up and down with his hungry, lustful movements, her face flushed and delirious and allowing him to do whatever he wanted with her as he ground himself desperately, lovingly, roughly, greedily against her, and the throbbing and twitching in his trousers grew more and more frequent with his frantic movements as he choked out an undignified noise.

Sebastian knew that his clothing was moments away from being soiled, and he also knew, based on his recent endeavors, that the mess he would make would be no small amount, especially not now that he was with Clora. She would be the true cause of his release—her, in the flesh, and not a fantasy of her, and the thought made Sebastian’s head go swimmy for a moment, and he once again thought of how badly he wanted to remove their clothes and soil her rather than his trousers, wasting not even a single drop.

But Sebastian managed to stop, and it was painful, and he felt himself twitching and throbbing in protest as he let his head fall heavy on the pillow beside her, unmoving. Yet even as he lay there motionless, Clora’s soft chest still heaved beneath him, her shaky, high breaths still brushing against his ear, and Sebastian’s body throbbed eagerly in response, his entire length pulsing once more between her legs, not wanting to stop, wanting more of her, and Sebastian feared he would burst anyway, even after he had forced himself to absolute stillness.

“Sebastian?” Clora whispered.

Merlin, not his name.

“I need a moment to calm down,” he managed, strangled and gravelly.

Clora remained quiet, her face going even redder somehow as she caught his meaning, and he heard her swallow as she remained absolutely still to help him in his endeavors.

“Shouldn’t you get off of me, then?” she whispered again after a moment.

Sebastian thought about it.

“Probably,” he admitted. “But I’d rather not.”

Clora laughed softly, and the sound of her breath plus the movement it caused underneath him didn’t help, especially not when she brought her hands around his back, rubbing it, her delicate little fingers and nails dragging up, and then down, and then into his hair, playing with it, and Sebastian let out a tortured breath.

“That’s not helpful,” he informed her thickly, and once again, the shaking of her laughter wasn't either.

“It’s calming for me,” she replied.

Sebastian scoffed, bringing his head up to look at her. “Never took you to be so wicked,” he observed. “Seems we might have a Dark witch in the making.”

Clora laughed again, and Sebastian brought himself down to kiss her once more. As always, it was meant to be a chaste one, but he could never manage that with her—especially not when he noticed her shirt was still rolled up, and he couldn’t resist putting that milky flesh into his mouth once again, savouring the softness on his tongue.

“I thought you said you needed to calm down!” she gasped as he began yet again.

“I give up,” he replied, and the sound of his mouth full of her as he spoke made her blush. “It’s impossible to calm down around you, anyways.”

“Sebastian—no—we really should stop,” Clora insisted, now that some of the haze was gone. But he only made a noncommittal noise against her as he continued to roam her skin. “Sebastian, really. I’m not sure what time it is, and someone might—"

Both of them froze as footsteps thudded up the stairs, and Sebastian pulled back to look at Clora as she stared back up at him in shock. She was also rather thankful that Sebastian’s eyes once again gravitated to her exposed chest, because that reminded her to yank her shirt and brassiere back down.

Clora rolled out from under Sebastian, pulling the blanket up to cover him just as Samantha walked in.

“Oh, I didn’t realize you were in here,” she commented immediately, clearly taken aback. “Do you have a fever?”

Clora felt her face, knowing for a fact that it was glowing red, and she nodded. “A little bit. I didn’t want to risk going out in the cold for Flying.”

“You certainly do look rather red,” Samantha turned to look at her once again as she gathered the texts she’d come for, huffing a laugh. “Hope you feel better.”

Before Clora could respond, she felt a hand slide up her skirt from under the covers, and she jumped.

“Don’t!” she squeaked, and when Samantha turned to look at her in confused surprise, Clora swallowed. “Don’t—don’t worry about it. I’m already feeling better!” she lied quickly.

“Right…” Samantha agreed, taking in the sight of her no doubt freshly-red face. “Could’ve fooled me.”

Clora slumped back onto the bed as her roommate left, though she quickly turned to rip the covers off of Sebastian. He was sprawled back in her bed, smiling smugly up at her, his face slightly flushed and his hair mussed, both from their activities and from being under the covers.

It was endearing, but that didn’t stop Clora from hitting him with her pillow in frustration, though he intercepted it as he sat up, yanking it out of her hands so that he could kiss her once more.

And, despite herself, she let him.
