At her words,  Hunter had been about to disagree and refuse again. Though he quickly relented due to the actions that soon followed her words, as Ari began to crawl further towards him until she was straddling his lap, and then she kissed him softly on the lips, her hands trailing up his bare chest and to his shoulders as she did so.

 Hunter reciprocated immediately as he moved them both further on the bed with her still on top of him, though as he reached down to rub at one of her soft thighs that straddled his own, she pulled away as she stopped his hand.

“I…I want you to just relax. Let me,” she explained in a breathless exhale that made his own breath catch. “I want to be the one to make you feel good this time.”

“Then let me touch you,”  Hunter countered, his voice already low and thick. “Because that is what makes me feel good. Being forced to restrain myself like last time caused me nothing but pain.”

“Don’t worry. I won’t tease you—I just want you to relax,” Ari assured, placing a gentle hand on his chest and pressing forward in an unspoken request for him to lie back.

 Hunter stopped breathing as he complied, watching her as he laid back and looked at her on top of him, his heart already pounding harder, and his breaths already heavy.

Ari trailed her hand from  Hunter’s chest down to his navel, and the entire journey down,  Hunter’s muscles reflexively clenched wherever her fingers touched. And as she trailed her delicate fingers lower and lower, it only grew worse and worse, and  Hunter was taut enough that he felt as though even the slightest touch would make him burst.

He was already so tense with nearly a months-worth of anticipation that when Ari’s hand finally did reach his groin,  Hunter couldn’t help the involuntary moan that shuddered out of him, despite the fact that Ari’s touches against him were feather-light, and  Hunter grit his teeth in response—at the feeling of her dragging her fingers lightly against the straining material of his trousers, and the way her fingers only brushed across him ever so slightly; enough to make  Hunter suffer, and enough for her to realize how hard he was.

And even as foggy and dazed as his mind currently was,  Hunter didn’t miss Ari’s slight surprise when she realized what his current state already was. And she really shouldn’t have been surprised, because he’d been hard as a rock ever since she’d thrown herself onto him in the field and under the stands, and her soothing hands as she’d been massaging him hadn’t helped.

“Ari…”  Hunter rasped. “Ari, please…”

Ari’s own breathing hitched at  Hunter’s desperation beneath her, and so she finally and carefully prepared to release him from his trousers.

Thanks to him being in his Quidditch uniform, there were no zippers or buckles she had to worry about this time, and so she was able to carefully pull them down just enough to grip him and his own throbbing heat, freeing him from the confines of his pants and his underwear.

 Hunter made a pathetic noise, his breath catching as soon as he’d felt her soft hand grip him, and he couldn’t help the slight upwards twitch of his hips as he felt her fingers around him, and both the sensation and the sight was maddening as he stared at Ari, staring at the way she stared at him.

It was the first time he’d ever seen Ari holding him,  Hunter realized. And seeing it—her gripping his throbbing desire, which pumped and pulsed in her hands, and for her—made  Hunter’s head swim. It made sense why she’d viewed it as scary when she’d first seen it, because now that  Hunter was seeing himself in her hand, he realized how much bigger he looked when it wasn’t his own hand wrapped around himself, and the new sight alone was almost enough to do him in.

“Ari…” he choked out her name again, and he was certain that every single drop of blood in his body was currently in the grip of her little hand as he throbbed.

It was all too much, from her delicate, soft fingers that wrapped around him while still wearing his engagement ring, to just the sight of her doing something so lewd in the first place, holding him of her own accord as his length practically drooled in its desire for her, leaking down and over her hands.

“ Hunter…” Ari breathed in response, her own voice heady and dazed and lustful as she looked down at him, her cheeks flushed while her chest rose and fell rapidly. With one hand still around him, she reached her other hand down under her skirt as she began to rub at herself, and  Hunter almost moaned at the sight alone as he watched.

But then Ari gave him something to truly moan about. As she began rubbing and satiating the tingling arousal between her own legs with her right hand, her left finally began to move around  Hunter, slowly stroking him up and down, aided in her motions by the liquids that had already begun to seep out of him as she slathered him with them.

 Hunter groaned in both pleasure and frustration as his head fell back. Ari’s touches were both sweet and sadistic—hard enough to give him pleasure, but still too light to give him any sort of true satisfaction, and he grit his teeth, his hips jerking up roughly with each of her slow strokes, urging her on faster, though she still kept the same maddeningly tame speed.

“Ari…please,”  Hunter hissed both impatiently and accusatorily, though he didn’t think she was trying to tease him, which was almost worse. “I can’t—I need—”

I need to be inside of you, is what he’d wanted to say. Needed her on her back, helpless to his own relentless speed as he moved as quickly and hurriedly in her as he could and wanted to go. And when Ari finally brought her hand away from him, he assumed that was what would be next.

But as he watched her,  Hunter was stunned to absolute stillness as he watched Ari begin to lower herself and her face, down…down…until  Hunter could feel her hot breath at his oozing tip.

Ari wanted  Hunter to feel good, after all. And the only experience she had with these sorts of activities was from her own first time, and from what  Hunter had done to her. And so, just as he had for her, Ari tucked her hair behind her ear as she finally brought her mouth down tentatively over the pink tip of his length, her lips parting as she slid her tongue across the ridge softly, and  Hunter made an undignified and involuntary noise that was both a yelp and a gasp as he bucked, propping himself up on his elbows to stare down at her, feeling as though he might pass out.

The sight alone was almost enough to do  Hunter in—at seeing sweet, adorable, innocent Ari doing such a thing. Lowering herself down to such a level, both literally and figuratively, so sweet and submissive as  Hunter watched her, his mouth hanging open and his face flushed as he panted and gazed down at her with dizzying lust.

But as excitingly forbidden as the sight was, he didn’t want her to debase herself in such a way. “Ari, don’t—” he began, and Ari pulled away from him in order to look up at him. “You shouldn’t—”

Whatever  Hunter was about to say died in his throat—or, more accurately, was strangled and beaten and choked to death in his throat as he sucked in a ragged and stuttering cry at how Ari once again brought her mouth down, dragging her tongue along his length, tasting and testing and feeling both the softness and the veins she could feel bulging against her tongue.

She held him and stroked him at his base as she did so, and the sight combined with the feeling of her hands and her tongue made  Hunter moan and twitch his hips again, especially when she trailed her mouth back up to his tip.

“Ari—”  Hunter grunted through grit teeth, his vision swimmy as he looked down at her, still not quite believing what he was seeing as she held him, and put him in her mouth. “I don’t want you to—”

But she again paid him no mind, and  Hunter’s protests were cut off as she wrapped her lips around his tip again, though this time she moved her tongue and her teeth out of the way so that she could fit him in a bit further and more fully into her mouth. And just feeling her lips wrapped around him and her hot and slippery wet tongue against him was enough to make him groan. But then, Ari actually sucked.

A long, drawn-out groan rattled from deep in  Hunter’s chest as he grunted and gasped and tried to keep his hips still, despite their twitches and jolts and stutters. He still wasn’t sure if it was the sensation that did him in, or the view of Ari, with her eyes closed and her face flushed and her usually soft and round cheeks indented and hollowed as she continued to suck and take him in.

Though as dizzying and intoxicating as that sight was, it also only reminded  Hunter that there was both a sight and a sound that he’d still much rather be feeling.

“Ari—enough—” he managed to choke out in uneven breaths, finally building the strength to grab her by the shoulders to lift her up, and  Hunter almost went dizzy all over again as Ari complied and raised herself to look up at him, her eyes big and blue and innocent and completely at odds with the saliva dripping from her mouth, still connecting her lips to his throbbing desire for her.

“…What is it?” she asked softly and uncertainly, and  Hunter could tell she truly was eager to please him in that the moment, and her expression was so adorably worried and upset as she feared she may not have done so. “If that wasn’t right, just tell me how, and I’ll—”

“No. That’s not what I want,”  Hunter told her, managing to make his voice somewhat firm again, despite how undone he was. “I want you.”

He sat up, leaning forward to kiss her, and they slid Ari out of her stockings as they went. And once those were out of the way,  Hunter dipped his hand down into her underwear, feeling her, and moaning eagerly into their kiss as he felt just how wet she already was. And how could she not have been, after seeing what she was capable of doing to him, and the effect she had on him?

“Let me,” Ari whispered as she broke their kiss and pushed him back down onto the bed once more. “I told you. I want to make you feel good,  Hunter. So let me.”

 Hunter was putty in her hands as he nodded, inhaling shakily as Ari looked down at him while removing her underwear. And as he watched, his mind was no longer able to think rationally—his blood was only being supplied to where he currently needed it, pumping and fuelling his desire and need to be in her.

Just like the last time on the couch in the Room of Requirement, Ari brought her hand under her skirt to tease that little bundle of nerves above her entrance in order to further prepare herself, though as she did so, and as  Hunter watched, he realized he couldn’t see a thing.

He hastily and impatiently reached forward, and before Ari could tell him to stop or ask what he was doing, he ripped her long blue skirt at the seam, tearing it off of her and throwing it on the floor in one quick movement.

“I need to see it,”  Hunter said as way of explanation as his eyes went from hers, and then down to where her hand still pleasured herself. “Especially when I take you.”

If Ari had been planning to complain about the destruction of her garments, his explanation had shut her up as she bit her lip and continued, her face freshly flushed in embarrassment as  Hunter’s eyes remained locked on to where her fingers currently worked at herself, and she couldn’t help but suddenly feel self-conscious.

Unlike before when Ari was lying down and  Hunter was on top of her and staring down at her, it was different to be sitting on top of him, with him laid back and gazing up at her, watching her with that predatory gleam in his eyes. And, again, it only reminded Ari that even though she was on top, she was still anything but in control as  Hunter stared up at her hungrily, his eyes following her with the precision and awareness of a hunter, not missing a single movement she made.

Which was why  Hunter soon shot his hand out to grab her wrist and stop her from pleasuring herself any further. Because he recognized the signs—recognized how Ari’s fingers were speeding up, and the way her breathing was picking up, and the way she’d begun slumping forward on him. And he didn’t want her to find her release yet. Not without him, and not for a reason that wasn’t because of him.

“Ari,”  Hunter practically growled as he reached out to grab her hips. “I need to be in you. Now.”

Ari swallowed and bit her lip as she nodded, lightheaded with her own lust at his pure desire for her, and she lifted herself above him as she held his length just outside her entrance in preparation.

 Hunter’s eyes immediately snapped back down to where they were about to connect as Ari positioned them both, and she watched his face, both self-conscious and aroused at how intensely he stared there, transfixed and almost hypnotized in his anticipation of finally being enveloped by her as she slowly, slowly began to bring herself down, her folds parting as  Hunter’s tip began to sink inside her.

Ari whimpered at the sensation, and at the beginnings of being stretched by him again as she eased him in, and  Hunter’s breathing picked up as she continued to lower herself onto him at her own excruciating pace, gripping her hips tightly in both need and restraint. His self-control was wearing thin, and his muscles were so tense and taut that he felt as though he would spring upwards and slam himself into her at any moment, ready or not.

 Hunter’s breaths were uneven as he enjoyed the sight and savoured the sensations of finally, finally taking her again. The way her tight entrance slowly but surely opened up to him as she bit her lip and continued to slide down, a little further and further, moaning as she squeezed her eyes shut.

“Ah—” Ari whined softly as she continued taking him, clenching and quivering around him as she slowly went. “ Hunter…”

And just like that,  Hunter’s self-control snapped with the sound of flesh slapping against flesh as he bucked his hips up with a forceful thrust into her, his hands still grabbing her hips tightly as he pulled her down to meet him.

A long groan erupted from deep within  Hunter as he plunged into Ari the rest of the way, his hands gripping her soft hips firmly to pull her down and make sure there was no space left between them, and that her warm and wet and tight insides fully enveloped him.  Hunter threw his head back as he deliriously moaned curses and Ari—both from the sensation of finally burying himself inside of her once more, but also at her cry from him suddenly doing so—a gasping cry that was a mix of both surprise and pleasure.

Ari was trembling on top of  Hunter and around him as she once again adjusted to being filled—to having him so completely and so deeply inside of her, fully seated on top of him as she fell forward slightly and weakly, clutching at his chest as she gasped and caught her breath.

Both of their breaths were ragged as they remained still, and  Hunter remained holding onto Ari’s hips tightly, pressing her down against him with all of his strength as he lifted his hips up and held himself inside of her quivering body firmly, as though he could meld and fuse the two of them together.

It was maddening not to move, but  Hunter had already forced her to take him quicker than she’d planned, and so he remained still inside of her, at least somewhat content now that he was finally there, even if he did nothing. He was still able to enjoy just the sight of lying beneath Ari as she gasped and held onto him, knowing that he was inside of her as he stared at her stomach, revelling in the fact that his full length was swallowed up by her, behind her belly button. And as he remained still inside of her, hugged and squeezed by her warmth,  Hunter wondered what it felt like for Ari, and if she could feel him throbbing within the tight confines of her walls, begging to be allowed to move.

Ari finally lifted her head up, her hair still in her face and a few strands in her mouth, and  Hunter stared up at her in a daze as she finally began to move. Rather than moving herself up and down, she moved herself in little circles on top of  Hunter as she also rubbed at herself once more, and although her movements weren’t doing as much for  Hunter as they were for her, it was still intoxicating to watch, and he still found his breathing become shallow as he did.

Seeing Ari dissolve with pleasure and throw her head back, all the while using his body to please herself and seemingly forget about him, made  Hunter desperate with longing. And so, he couldn’t help but begin to move his own hips as he watched.

That had certainly reminded Ari that he was still there, too, because she sucked in a breath as she grabbed onto him for support, and that reaction only spurred  Hunter on further and harder, pumping his hips upwards once more and delighting in the surprised yet pleasured moan that escaped her, not to mention the way she bobbed from the movement, and the way her chest bounced.

 Hunter began slowly at first, wishing he had more pairs of eyes so that he could take in every part of Ari that he wanted to see, all at once. The way she lifted and bounced in the air from his thrusts, only to sink back down and fully squeeze around him once more. And then her expressions, of course, with her eyes shut and her mouth open as she cried out softly.

Ari had wanted to take care of  Hunter, and to make him feel good and do all of the work for him, but her position on top of him very quickly devolved into her simply holding onto him for dear life as  Hunter sat up slightly, his strong arms grabbing onto Ari’s hips and making her follow his rhythm as he slammed her down in time with his powerful upward thrusts, his pace frantic as he held her firmly and moved her, his skin coated with sweat and his arms bulging with veins from the effort as he did so.

 Hunter knew he was done for, and he knew he would finish before her. It was inevitable, both from her earlier teasing, and how he’d been waiting to take her again desperately since the very first time he had.

He could feel it coming, but he realized he wasn’t satisfied with Ari on top of him. Just like how Ari standing in front of him and protecting him made  Hunter feel antsy, something about seeing her on top of him gave him the same feeling. It was nice for a time, and for the sheer novelty of it, but seeing Ari on top of him also just made  Hunter desperately want to achieve the opposite—to push her down and onto her back the way he liked her, so that he had free and complete reign over her and her body once more.

And so he did just that.  Hunter stopped his upward thrusts abruptly, and just as Ari opened her bleary eyes to see why he’d stopped and what was wrong,  Hunter slid out of her, laying her down on her back in one swift motion.

Ari let him, too, easily going along with him as her chest heaved and she gazed up at him. And the obedient way in which she’d immediately accepted their switch made  Hunter shudder in anticipation yet again as he throbbed, so close to erupting. Because he could do anything he wanted with her, and she would let him.

So  Hunter did what he’d desperately been longing to do with her for almost a month now. He gazed down at her, spread so perfectly and vulnerably beneath him as he parted her legs for him even more, and then  Hunter entered her again with one powerful and forceful shove as he grunted and groaned, his hips slamming and grinding against hers as he completely buried himself in her warm and quivering depths.

“ Hunter—!” Ari’s back arched as she cried out at his rough and impatient re-entry, the tightness of her insides clenching even tighter around him from the surprise as she braced herself for the impact of his thrust.

“God—Ari…I’m going to—”  Hunter’s hoarse breaths rattled in his throat as he desperately bucked and pressed his hips down to plunge himself inside Ari for the final time, her tightness and her warmth and her cries making him explode deep inside of her almost immediately as their flesh stuck and quivered together.  Hunter let out a long and uneven moan as his body rippled and quaked as it poured every last drop into her, sinking deep inside and holding still as he emptied himself within the tight and hot squeeze of her insides, his mouth open in delirious ecstasy as wave after wave of pulsing pleasure rocked through him. “Ari…Ugh!—Ari…”

 Hunter was unable to do anything other than swear and urgently grunt her name as he continued to push and grind himself between her parted legs, his body clenching and contracting as his hips still occasionally jerked and twitched.

“S- Hunter…” Ari gasped as she held him close, no doubt feeling him pulsing within her depths as the last of his release shot out in frantic and frenzied spurts, and they stayed like that for a long moment as they both trembled,  Hunter nearly crushing Ari beneath him as he fell heavily on top of her and held her tightly, gasping into her sweaty neck.

“Ari…I love you…”  Hunter finally lifted the upper half of himself up with some effort, his lower body still flat against hers and trembling with the force and anticipation of his long awaited climax inside of her as he looked down at Ari, panting and flushed and limp and now so full of him, and she was so perfect like that—so vulnerable and delicate under him, and accepting of him, and the ways in which she and her body responded to him. “You’re perfect…everything about you…"

 Hunter lowered himself again to kiss her, listening to the sounds of Ari panting and trying to catch her breath as he nuzzled his face into her neck, kissing her and murmuring into her skin. Murmuring about how much he loved her, and how perfect she was, and how amazing she felt, and how adorable she was, and everything and anything else he could think of.
